Set evidence label in detail and modify SLR (#50)
xJREB/service-based-antipatterns: SLR.md

## Criteria
### Inclusion

> * all terms mentioned above must appear in the title

Reviewer: ~550 papers, maybe we should only select papers that contain one of our categories `["antipattern", "bad smell", "pattern"]`?

## Criteria
### Inclusion

> * the term `antipattern`, `anti-pattern`, `bad smell`, `pattern` must appear in the title

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* one of the terms `antipattern`, `anti-pattern`, `bad smell` or `pattern` must appear in the title
```

* if only `pattern` occurs in the title, the title also has to contain any of `service`, `microservice`, `web service`, `service oriented architecture`, `soa`, `service oriented computing` additionally

> * terms `antipattern`, `anti-pattern` or `bad smells` must occur in abstract, conclusion or ToC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* one of the terms `antipattern`, `anti-pattern` or `bad smell` must occur in abstract, conclusion or ToC
```
